[Music]
throughout its entire production run
from 1975 to 1989 the Porsche 911 Turbo
was the top-of-the-range model from
Porsche making use of turbo charging
technology which Porsche had begun
experimenting with nearly 1970s with the
Porsche 911 the 911 turbo was developed
to be a direct competitor for the much
more expensive and exclusive supercars
of the era although the car was no
longer required as a homologation model
due to change the homologation rules in
became the basis for the 934 and the 935
race cars the car proved to be very fast
but also very demanding to drive it's
short wheelbase Engine position and
power delivery contributed to a tendency
to oversteer that required a high level
of skill to control a distinctive flared
rear spoiler wider rear arches an
upgrade of tires were added to help
increase grip and make the car more
stable the rear spoiler was later raised
even more to allow enough space for the
newer air-to-air intercooler which was
added to increase power even further
stopping performance was also improved
by using brakes similar to those found
on successful Porsche nine one seven
race car
[Music]
the speedster name is one of the most
evocative in the history Porsche to
commemorate its famous 50 spore bear a
limit edition 911 speedster will go on
sale in January 2011 as a homage to the
original 356 speedster only 356 examples
of this low-slung open-topped two-seater
will be made so scene 1 will be a rare
sight the characteristic rear engine
chassis features the best from the
current 911 generation a 3.8 liter flat
6 tuned to deliver 408 horsepower with
an average fuel consumption of 27 point
43 miles per gallon and the 7-speed
porsche PDK gearbox which delivers
powered by a limited slip differential
to the rear axle designed and conceived
by the Porsche exclusive Department
Institute guard the two-seater 911
speedster is significantly different
from the other members of the 9/11
family every Porsche speedster was
traditionally distinguished by short
windscreen and sleek tail the new 911
features a 40 millimeter lowered and
raked windscreen and the characteristic
double bubble hard cover for the manual
soft top the sporting flavor is enhanced
further by the pure blue exterior color
that has been developed exclusively for
the speedster and which provides an
intriguing contrast with the tinted
front lights black headlight surrounds
black windscreen border and other black
decorative features
[Music]
the Porsche 959 with its electronically
controlled all-wheel drive was
originally conceived as a group B car
the road-going version created satisfy
homologation regulations that required a
minimum of 200 street-legal units to be
built the road car became the world's
fastest street-legal production car with
a top speed at 197 miles per hour and
was hailed as the most technologically
advanced world going sports car ever
built instead of creating an engine from
scratch Porsche developed an existing
engine ending up with a twin
turbocharged 6-cylinder boxer engine
with an air-cooled block and
water-cooled heads the use of sequential
twin turbochargers allowed for smooth
seamless delivery of power across the
engine rpm band which contrasts to the
sudden delivery of power found another
turbocharged engines of this period
instead of using a tubular space frame
which would have saved weight Porsche
chose to use a steel monocoque which
reduced cost and would be easier to
translate to future models the pursuit
of lightness and aerodynamics was
however a big focus for the body which
was made from Kevlar and was a
pioneering feature of the mid 80s it's
big front air dam and huge rear spoiler
were created from time spent in the wind
tunnel and contributed to an impressive
drag coefficient of 0.31
[Music]
throughout its entire production run
from 1975 to 1989 the Porsche 911 Turbo
was the top-of-the-range model from
Porsche making use of turbo charging
technology which portion had to get
experimenting with in the early 1970s
with the Porsche 911 the 911 turbo was
developed to be the Beast moon is one of
the most evocative in the history of
Porsche took nearly the same 54 there
Amil edition 911 speedster will go on
sale in January 2011 as a homage to the
original three five six feet sterk only
356 examples of this low-slung
open-topped two-seater will be made so
c1 will be a rare sight the
characteristic rear engine shaft
[Music]
the Porsche 959 with electronically
controlled all-wheel drive was
originally conceived as a group B car
the road-going version created to
satisfy homologation regulations that
required a minimum of 200 street-legal
units to be built the road car became
the world's fastest street-legal
production car with a top speed of 197
miles per hour and was hailed as the
most technologically advanced ro goin
sports car ever built instead of
creating an engine from scratch Porsche
developed an existing engine ending up
with